README.md, before:

# NenoTk

NenoTk provides a suite of drop-in replacement and enhancement widgets for Python's tkinter GUI framework.

Designed to be simple to implement, blend in with existing ttk styles, extend functionality, and improve user experience.

[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)

## Installation

Tested on Python 3.10

### Install from Source

```bash
# Clone repo
git clone https://github.com/Nenotriple/NenoTk.git
cd NenoTk

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Install NenoTk to your environment
pip install -e .
```

### Quick Start

```python
import tkinter as tk
import nenotk as ntk
from nenotk import ToolTip as Tip

root = tk.Tk()

# ToolTip
button = tk.Button(root, text="Go!")
button.pack()
Tip.bind(button, "ToolTip text")

# ScrollFrame
scrollframe = ntk.ScrollFrame(root, layout="vertical")
scrollframe.pack()
for i in range(20):
    tk.Label(scrollframe.frame, text=f"Item {i+1}").pack()

# ButtonMenu
bmenu = ntk.ButtonMenu(root, text="Choose",).pack()
bmenu.menu.add_command(label="Option 1", ...)
bmenu.menu.add_separator()
bmenu.menu.add_checkbutton(label="Toggle", ...)

root.mainloop()
```

*See individual [widgets](nenotk/widgets)/[utils](nenotk/utils) docs and demos for more info and examples.*

## Available Modules

### Available Widgets

- [ButtonMenu](nenotk/widgets/buttonmenu/__init__.py)
  - A button that displays a dropdown menu when clicked.
  - *(Inherits from `ttk.Button`)*
- [CustomSimpleDialog](nenotk/widgets/custom_simpledialog/__init__.py)
  - A collection of customizable dialog boxes.
  - *(Inherits from `tk.Toplevel`)*
- [FindReplaceEntry](nenotk/widgets/find_replace_entry/__init__.py)
  - An Entry widget cluster with built-in find and replace functionality.
  - *(Inherits from `ttk.Frame`)*
- [ImageZoomWidget](nenotk/widgets/image_zoom/__init__.py)
  - A widget for displaying and zooming images.
  - *(Inherits from `ttk.Frame`)*
- [PopUpZoom](nenotk/widgets/popup_zoom/__init__.py)
  - A popup window that allows zooming into content.
  - *(Inherits from `tk.Toplevel`)*
- [ScrollFrame](nenotk/widgets/scrollframe/__init__.py)
  - A frame that adds scrollbars automatically when content overflows.
  - *(Inherits from `ttk.Frame` or `ttk.LabelFrame`)*
- [SpellCheckText](nenotk/widgets/spelltext/__init__.py)
  - A Text widget with integrated spell-checking capabilities.
  - *(Inherits from `tk.Text`)*
- [ToolTip](nenotk/widgets/tooltip/__init__.py)
  - A widget that displays helpful tooltips when hovering over other widgets.
  - *(Composes using `tk.Toplevel`)*

### Available Utilities

- [entry_helper](nenotk/utils/entry_helper.py)
  - Enhance Entry widget functionality.
- [window_helper](nenotk/utils/window_helper.py)
  - For managing window behavior and properties.

## Project Structure

```filetree
.
└── NenoTk/                           # Project root
    ├── nenotk/                       # Root package
    │   ├── __init__.py               # Root package exports
    │   │
    │   ├── widgets/                  # Widget package
    │   │   ├── __init__.py           # Widget package exports
    │   │   │
    │   │   ├── buttonmenu/           # ButtonMenu
    │   │   ├── custom_simpledialog/  # Dialog collection
    │   │   ├── findreplace/          # FindReplaceEntry
    │   │   ├── imagezoomwidget/      # ImageZoomWidget
    │   │   ├── popupzoom/            # PopUpZoom
    │   │   ├── scrollframe/          # ScrollFrame
    │   │   ├── spelltext/            # SpellCheckText
    │   │   └── tooltip/              # ToolTip
    │   │
    │   └── utils/                    # Utility package
    │       ├── __init__.py           # Utility package exports
    │       │
    │       ├── entry_helper.py       # Entry helper collection
    │       └── window_helper.py      # Window helper collection
    │
    ├── requirements.txt              # Project dependencies
    ├── setup.py                      # Package installation
    └── README.md                     # This file
```

Commit message:

Add ImageGrid widget for scrollable thumbnail browsing
Introduces the ImageGrid widget, a scrollable thumbnail browser with adjustable sizing, incremental loading, and selection callbacks. Updates README and package exports to document and expose the new widget. Also adds launch configuration for ImageGrid in VSCode.

README.md, after:

# NenoTk

NenoTk provides a suite of drop-in replacement and enhancement widgets for Python's tkinter GUI framework.

Designed to be simple to implement, blend in with existing ttk styles, extend functionality, and improve user experience.

[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)

## Installation

Tested on Python 3.10

### Install from Source

```bash
# Clone repo
git clone https://github.com/Nenotriple/NenoTk.git
cd NenoTk

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Install NenoTk to your environment
pip install -e .
```

### Quick Start

```python
import tkinter as tk
import nenotk as ntk
from nenotk import ToolTip as Tip

root = tk.Tk()

# ToolTip
button = tk.Button(root, text="Go!")
button.pack()
Tip.bind(button, "ToolTip text")

# ScrollFrame
scrollframe = ntk.ScrollFrame(root, layout="vertical")
scrollframe.pack()
for i in range(20):
    tk.Label(scrollframe.frame, text=f"Item {i+1}").pack()

# ButtonMenu
bmenu = ntk.ButtonMenu(root, text="Choose",).pack()
bmenu.menu.add_command(label="Option 1", ...)
bmenu.menu.add_separator()
bmenu.menu.add_checkbutton(label="Toggle", ...)

root.mainloop()
```

*See individual [widgets](nenotk/widgets)/[utils](nenotk/utils) docs and demos for more info and examples.*

## Available Modules

### Available Widgets

- [ButtonMenu](nenotk/widgets/buttonmenu/__init__.py)
  - A button that displays a dropdown menu when clicked.
  - *(Inherits from `ttk.Button`)*
- [CustomSimpleDialog](nenotk/widgets/custom_simpledialog/__init__.py)
  - A collection of customizable dialog boxes.
  - *(Inherits from `tk.Toplevel`)*
- [FindReplaceEntry](nenotk/widgets/find_replace_entry/__init__.py)
  - An Entry widget cluster with built-in find and replace functionality.
  - *(Inherits from `ttk.Frame`)*
- [ImageGrid](nenotk/widgets/imagegrid/__init__.py)
  - A scrollable thumbnail browser with adjustable sizing and incremental loading.
  - *(Inherits from `ttk.Frame`)*
- [ImageZoomWidget](nenotk/widgets/image_zoom/__init__.py)
  - A widget for displaying and zooming images.
  - *(Inherits from `ttk.Frame`)*
- [PopUpZoom](nenotk/widgets/popup_zoom/__init__.py)
  - A popup window that allows zooming into content.
  - *(Inherits from `tk.Toplevel`)*
- [ScrollFrame](nenotk/widgets/scrollframe/__init__.py)
  - A frame that adds scrollbars automatically when content overflows.
  - *(Inherits from `ttk.Frame` or `ttk.LabelFrame`)*
- [SpellCheckText](nenotk/widgets/spelltext/__init__.py)
  - A Text widget with integrated spell-checking capabilities.
  - *(Inherits from `tk.Text`)*
- [ToolTip](nenotk/widgets/tooltip/__init__.py)
  - A widget that displays helpful tooltips when hovering over other widgets.
  - *(Composes using `tk.Toplevel`)*

### Available Utilities

- [entry_helper](nenotk/utils/entry_helper.py)
  - Enhance Entry widget functionality.
- [window_helper](nenotk/utils/window_helper.py)
  - For managing window behavior and properties.

## Project Structure

```filetree
.
└── NenoTk/                           # Project root
    ├── nenotk/                       # Root package
    │   ├── __init__.py               # Root package exports
    │   │
    │   ├── widgets/                  # Widget package
    │   │   ├── __init__.py           # Widget package exports
    │   │   │
    │   │   ├── buttonmenu/           # ButtonMenu
    │   │   ├── custom_simpledialog/  # Dialog collection
    │   │   ├── findreplace/          # FindReplaceEntry
    │   │   ├── imagegrid/            # ImageGrid
    │   │   ├── imagezoomwidget/      # ImageZoomWidget
    │   │   ├── popupzoom/            # PopUpZoom
    │   │   ├── scrollframe/          # ScrollFrame
    │   │   ├── spelltext/            # SpellCheckText
    │   │   └── tooltip/              # ToolTip
    │   │
    │   └── utils/                    # Utility package
    │       ├── __init__.py           # Utility package exports
    │       │
    │       ├── entry_helper.py       # Entry helper collection
    │       └── window_helper.py      # Window helper collection
    │
    ├── requirements.txt              # Project dependencies
    ├── setup.py                      # Package installation
    └── README.md                     # This file
```
